feat(api): Document V2 Context API (#411)
edgexfoundry/edgex-docs: docs_src/microservices/application/ContextAPI.md

```go
type AppFunctionContext interface {
    CorrelationID() string
    InputContentType() string
    SetResponseData(data []byte)
    ResponseData() []byte
    SetResponseContentType(string)
    ResponseContentType() string
    SetRetryData(data []byte)
    GetSecret(path string, keys ...string) (map[string]string, error)
    SecretsLastUpdated() time.Time
    LoggingClient() logger.LoggingClient
    EventClient() interfaces.EventClient
    CommandClient() interfaces.CommandClient
    NotificationClient() interfaces.NotificationClient
    SubscriptionClient() interfaces.SubscriptionClient
    DeviceServiceClient() interfaces.DeviceServiceClient
    DeviceProfileClient() interfaces.DeviceProfileClient
    DeviceClient() interfaces.DeviceClient
    PushToCore(event dtos.Event) (common.BaseWithIdResponse, error)
    GetDeviceResource(profileName string, resourceName string) (dtos.DeviceResource, error)
    AddValue(key string, value string)
    RemoveValue(key string)
    GetValue(key string) (string, bool)
    GetAllValues() map[string]string
    ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)
}
```

## InputContentType()

> `InputContentType()` returns the content type of the data that initiated the pipeline execution. Only useful when the TargetType for the pipeline is []byte, otherwise the data with be the type specified by TargetType.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`InputContentType()` returns the content type of the data that initiated the pipeline execution. Only useful when the TargetType for the pipeline is []byte, otherwise the data will be the type specified by TargetType.
```

> 

Reviewer: Add `# Response Data` header

> ## SetResponseData()

Reviewer: This i duplicated below. Remove version below.

`SetResponseData(data []byte)` sets the response data that will be returned to the trigger when pipeline execution is complete.

## ResponseData()
`ResponseData()` returns the data that will be returned to the trigger when pipeline execution is complete.

## SetResponseContentType()
`SetResponseContentType(string)` sets the content type that will be returned to the trigger when pipeline execution is complete.

## ResponseContentType()
`ResponseContentType()` returns the content type that will be returned to the trigger when pipeline execution is complete.

> ## SetRetryData()

Reviewer: This is duplicated below. Remove below version, but retain note from below.

Reviewer: Also create `Miscellaneous` header at bottom and put this under it with other noted below.

`SetRetryData(data []byte)` set the data that is to be retried later as part of the Store and Forward capability.  Used when there was failure sending the data to an external source.

## Clients

### LoggingClient()

Returns a `LoggingClient` to leverage logging libraries/service utilized throughout the EdgeX framework. The SDK has initialized everything so it can be used to log `Trace`, `Debug`, `Warn`, `Info`, and `Error` messages as appropriate. See [simple-filter-xml/main.go](https://github.com/edgexfoundry-holding/app-service-examples/blob/master/app-services/simple-filter-xml/main.go) for an example of how to use the `LoggingClient`.

### EventClient()

> Returns an `EventClient` to leverage Core Data's `Event` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/event.go) for more details. This client is useful for querying events and is used by the [PushToCore](#pushtocore) convenience API described below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns an `EventClient` to leverage Core Data's `Event` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/event.go) for more details. This client is useful for querying events and is used by the [PushToCore](#pushtocore) convenience API described below. Note if Core Data is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

```

### CommandClient() 

> Returns a `CommandClient`  to leverage Core Command's `Command` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/command.go) for more details. Useful for sending commands to devices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `CommandClient`  to leverage Core Command's `Command` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/command.go) for more details. Useful for sending commands to devices. Note if Core Command is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

```

### NotificationClient()

> Returns a `NotificationClient` to leverage Support Notifications' `Notifications` API. See [README](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/notification.go) for more details. Useful for sending notifications. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `NotificationClient` to leverage Support Notifications' `Notifications` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/notification.go) for more details. Useful for sending notifications. Note if Support Notifications is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.
```

### SubscriptionClient()

> Returns a `SubscriptionClient` to leverage Support Notifications' `Subscription` API. Note if Support Notifications is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `SubscriptionClient` to leverage Support Notifications' `Subscription` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/http/subscription.go) for more details. Useful for create notification subscriptions. Note if Support Notifications is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.
```

### DeviceServiceClient()

> Returns a `DeviceServiceClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `DeviceService` API. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `DeviceServiceClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `DeviceService` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/http/deviceservice.go) for more details. Useful for querying information about Device Services. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil. 
```

### DeviceProfileClient()

> Returns a `DeviceProfileClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `DeviceProfile` API. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `DeviceProfileClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `DeviceProfile` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/http/deviceprofile.go) for more details. Useful for querying information about Device Profiles and is used by the `GetDeviceResource` helper function below. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil. 
```

### DeviceClient()

> Returns a `DeviceClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `Device` API. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `DeviceClient` to leverage Core Metadata's `Device` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/http/device.go) for more details. Useful for querying information about Devices. Note if Core Metadata is not specified in the Clients configuration, this will return nil. 
```

### Note about Clients

Each of the clients above is only initialized if the Clients section of the configuration contains an entry for the service associated with the Client API. If it isn't in the configuration the client will be `nil`. Your code must check for `nil` to avoid panic in case it is missing from the configuration. Only add the clients to your configuration that your Application Service will actually be using. All application services need `Core-Data` for version compatibility check done on start-up. The following is an example `Clients` section of a configuration.toml with all supported clients specified:

```
[Clients]

  [Clients.core-data]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'
  Port = 59880
  
  [Clients.core-metadata]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'
  Port = 59881

  [Clients.core-command]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'
  Port = 59882

  [Clients.support-notifications]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'
  Port = 59860
```

> ## .PushToCore()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## PushToCore()
```

> ## .PushToCore()

Reviewer: Move under the `miscellaneous` section

> `.PushToCore(event dtos.Event)` is used to push data to EdgeX Core Data so that it can be shared with other applications that are subscribed to the message bus that core-data publishes to. This function will return the new EdgeX Event with the ID populated, along with any error encountered.  Note that CorrelationId will not be available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`PushToCore(event dtos.Event)` is used to push data to EdgeX Core Data so that it can be shared with other applications that are subscribed to the message bus that core-data publishes to. This function will return the new EdgeX Event with the ID populated, along with any error encountered.  Note that CorrelationId will not be available.
```

!!! note
    If validation is turned on in CoreServices then your deviceName and readingName must exist in the CoreMetadata and be properly registered in EdgeX. 

!!! warning
    Be aware that without a filter in your pipeline, it is possible to create an infinite loop when the Message Bus trigger is used. Choose your device-name and reading name appropriately.

> ## .GetDeviceResource()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## GetDeviceResource()
```

> ## .GetDeviceResource()

Reviewer: Move under the `miscellaneous` section

`GetDeviceResource(profileName string, resourceName string) (dtos.DeviceResource, error)` retrieves the DeviceResource for the given profile / resource name. Results are cached to minimize HTTP traffic to core-metadata.
    

## Context Storage
The context API exposes a map-like interface that can be used to store custom data specific to a given pipeline execution.  This data is persisted for retry if needed.  Currently only strings are supported, and keys are treated as case-insensitive.  Storage can be accessed using the following methods:

> ### .AddValue()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### AddValue()
```

`AddValue(key string, value string)` stores a value for access within a pipeline execution

> ### .RemoveValue()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### RemoveValue()
```

`RemoveValue(key string)` deletes a value stored in the context at the given key

> ### .GetValue()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GetValue()
```

`GetValue(key string) (string, bool)` attempts to retrieve a value stored in the context at the given key

> ### .GetAllValues()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GetAllValues()
```

`GetAllValues() map[string]string` returns a read-only copy of all data stored in the context

> ### .ApplyValues()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### ApplyValues()
```

`ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)` will replace placeholders of the form `{context-key-name}` with the value found in the context at `context-key-name`.  Note that key matching is case insensitive.  An error will be returned if any placeholders in the provided string do NOT have a corresponding entry in the context storage map.

> ## .SetResponseData()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## SetResponseData()
```

```go
type AppFunctionContext interface {
    CorrelationID() string
    InputContentType() string
    SetResponseData(data []byte)
    ResponseData() []byte
    SetResponseContentType(string)
    ResponseContentType() string
    SetRetryData(data []byte)
    GetSecret(path string, keys ...string) (map[string]string, error)
    SecretsLastUpdated() time.Time
    LoggingClient() logger.LoggingClient
    EventClient() interfaces.EventClient
    CommandClient() interfaces.CommandClient
    NotificationClient() interfaces.NotificationClient
    SubscriptionClient() interfaces.SubscriptionClient
    DeviceServiceClient() interfaces.DeviceServiceClient
    DeviceProfileClient() interfaces.DeviceProfileClient
    DeviceClient() interfaces.DeviceClient
    PushToCore(event dtos.Event) (common.BaseWithIdResponse, error)
    GetDeviceResource(profileName string, resourceName string) (dtos.DeviceResource, error)
    AddValue(key string, value string)
    RemoveValue(key string)
    GetValue(key string) (string, bool)
    GetAllValues() map[string]string
    ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)
}
```

> ## InputContentType()

Reviewer: Dang it missed this one that should go under the `miscellaneous` section

> The context parameter passed to each function/transform provides operations and data associated with each execution of the pipeline. Let's take a look at a few of the properties that are available:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The context parameter passed to each function/transform provides operations and data associated with each execution of the pipeline. Let's take a look at its API:
```

```go
// AppFunctionContext defines the interface for an Edgex Application Service Context provided to
// App Functions when executing in the Functions Pipeline.
type AppFunctionContext interface {

>     // CorrelationID returns the correlation ID associated with the context.

Reviewer: These comments can be removed since they are redundant with the descriptions below.

    // RemoveValue deletes a value stored in the context at the given key
    RemoveValue(key string)
    // GetValue attempts to retrieve a value stored in the context at the given key
    GetValue(key string) (string, bool)
    // GetAllValues returns a read-only copy of all data stored in the context
    GetAllValues() map[string]string
    // ApplyValues looks in the provided string for placeholders of the form
    // '{any-value-key}' and attempts to replace with the value stored under
    // the key in context storage.  An error will be returned if any placeholders
    // are not matched to a value in the context.
    ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)
}
```

## Clients

### LoggingClient()

The `LoggingClient` exposed on the context is available to leverage logging libraries/service utilized throughout the EdgeX framework. The SDK has initialized everything so it can be used to log `Trace`, `Debug`, `Warn`, `Info`, and `Error` messages as appropriate. See [simple-filter-xml/main.go](https://github.com/edgexfoundry-holding/app-service-examples/blob/master/app-services/simple-filter-xml/main.go) for an example of how to use the `LoggingClient`.

### EventClient()

> The `EventClient ` exposed on the context is available to leverage Core Data's `Event` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/coredata/event.go#L35) for more details. This client is useful for querying events and is used by the [PushToCore](#pushtocore) convenience API described below.

Reviewer: Change link to https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/event.go

### CommandClient() 

> The `CommandClient ` exposed on the context is available to leverage Core Command's `Command` API. See [interface definition](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/command/client.go#L28) for more details. Useful for sending commands to devices.

Reviewer: Update link to be https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/command.go

> ### NotificationsClient()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### NotificationClient()
```

> The `NotificationsClient` exposed on the context is available to leverage Support Notifications' `Notifications` API. See [README](https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/notifications/README.md) for more details. Useful for sending notifications. 

Reviewer: Update link to https://github.com/edgexfoundry/go-mod-core-contracts/blob/master/clients/interfaces/notification.go

```
[Clients]

  [Clients.core-data]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'

>   Port = 48080

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Port = 59880
```

  
  [Clients.core-metadata]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'

>   Port = 48081

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Port = 59881
```

  [Clients.core-command]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'

>   Port = 48082

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Port = 59882
```

  [Clients.support-notifications]
  Protocol = 'http'
  Host = 'localhost'

>   Port = 48060

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Port = 59860
```

    

## Context Storage
The context API exposes a map-like interface that can be used to store custom data specific to a given pipeline execution.  This data is persisted for retry if needed.  Currently only strings are supported, and keys are treated as case-insensitive.  Storage can be accessed using the following methods:

### .AddValue()
`AddValue(key string, value string)` stores a value for access within a pipeline execution

### .RemoveValue()
`RemoveValue(key string)` deletes a value stored in the context at the given key

### .GetValue()
`GetValue(key string) (string, bool)` attempts to retrieve a value stored in the context at the given key

### .GetAllValues()
`GetAllValues() map[string]string` returns a read-only copy of all data stored in the context

### .ApplyValues()
`ApplyValues(format string) (string, error)` will replace placeholders of the form `{context-key-name}` with the value found in the context at `context-key-name`.  Note that key matching is case insensitive.  An error will be returned if any placeholders in the provided string do NOT have a corresponding entry in the context storage map.

> ## .Complete()

Reviewer: This changed to SetResponseData(data []byte)

!!! note
    `Store and Forward` be must enabled when calling this API. 

## Secrets

> ### .GetSecret()

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### GetSecret()
```

> `.GetSecret(path string, keys ...string)` is used to retrieve secrets from the secret store. `path` specifies the type or location of the secrets to retrieve. If specified, it is appended to the base path from the exclusive secret store configuration. `keys` specifies the list of secrets to be retrieved. If no keys are provided then all the keys associated with the specified path will be returned.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`GetSecret(path string, keys ...string)` is used to retrieve secrets from the secret store. `path` specifies the type or location of the secrets to retrieve. If specified, it is appended to the base path from the exclusive secret store configuration. `keys` specifies the list of secrets to be retrieved. If no keys are provided then all the keys associated with the specified path will be returned.
```
